Queen of Millions 
July 7, 2025

Announcements
Early-Investment Opportunity: Newest Printer
Joseph’s Solana Early-Investment Opportunity. Only a few spots left.
A Confident Woman’s Guide to Crypto Investing Webinar. Wednesday, July 16. 4 pm EST. 
This is a freebie to teach and promote Queen of Millions. It would mean a lot to me if you could come on in and share some of the QOM energy. Truth is – these make me a little nervous when participation is real quiet– and you all make me feel so at home.
[GOLD] Bonus Call: Macroeconomics, Patterns, and Cycles with Joseph. See the big picture. This Wednesday. 4:30 pm CST / 5:30 pm EST.
Announcement at end…! Exciting evolution for Queen of Millions

Agenda
Crypto Launches: Behind the Scenes
Understand HOW things work: You build
Macro

“The best way of learning is by doing”

RSI and CABCAT launch
Risks
Being early
Liquidity
Look at coins outside of just CABCAT
Founders: Seeding the founding positions




Tokenomics

Pre-Launch
What is the coin
About developers: how professional
Big push: Narrative + Intention 
Community members
Post-Lauch
Sniper bots (purchase really quickly) (extractor)
Zap all of the liquidity out of a coin

Volume
What makes them best performing?
“This is how it works…”
Principles to tokenomics
How is demand created: From a Developer’s POV

New Patterns Forming; First Mover Advantage.

Front-Running Liquidity. 



Macroeconomics
Interest Rate Cuts: Absence is Fueling Risk-On Behavior. This is very unique. Not normal behavior. The Fed is doing this strategically. Trying to paint a picture of a direction. 
“Not responding.” Things are even. There’s stability. Things are moving along in an orderly direction. 
CPI Data Comes Out In July. This will help us understand how tariffs are affecting it. Data to back it. July 15th for June’s. You predicted 3%...
Trump wants to create an environment where the data contradicts the Fed’s move.
“People front run liquidity.” Liquidity = printing dollars, stimulus or interest rates. People move first. Front-running.
US Treasury. Issuing Short Term T-Bills.
Q3. The Nature of this quarter. Usually pretty steady. Steady accumulation. Good setup. → Q4. Institutions need to show positive gains for their investors. Currently in Q3. Steady. 
Retail vs. Institutionals. Retail leads. They follow if retail isn’t shaken out. Institutions play catchup. Now they HAVE to play catchup because it’s Q4. Institutions move markets. 
Bitcoin Dominance is Elevated. Decoupling. Until $112k breakout. The curve and pattern is shifting. New observation; new patterns. We are forming a new cycle. It’s not as predictable. 

New Patterns Forming; First Mover Advantage.
New patterns are forming. Accessing. Analyzing. Look at what’s going on. Gives us “first mover advantage.”
Crypto Supercycle. Institutions haven’t fully entered in. See the monthly email if you haven’t already. 

Stable Coins, ETF Conversations, Collateralized Crypto Loans Conversations. Discussions. Nothing passing. Regulatory clarity. Coinbase filing to be a bank.


Geopolitical Uncertainty. 
Feeling geopolitical risk. Ppl don’t know what’s going to happen next. Ppl want certainty. 
“Outside of sovereign space control.” Safe haven. A lot of global liquidity.
World 


Token Infrastructure. 
